DBZ-8133 Add async engine options also to Debezium server documentation (#5777)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/operations/debezium-server.adoc

|===

[id="debezium-async-engine-properties"]
=== Asynchronous Engine Properties

By default, Debezium server uses `AsyncEmbeddedEngine` as the processing engine.
You can configure following options for asynchronous embedded engine:

[cols="35%a,10%a,55%a"]
|===
|Property
|Default
|Description

> |`record.processing.threads`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[[debezium-server-property-record-processing-threads]]<<debezium-server-property-record-processing-threads, `+record.processing.threads+`>>
```

> |The number of available cores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`AVAILABLE_CORES` (the number of cores available on the CPU)
```

Reviewer: Actually, this doesn't seem right. If the default is to use the number of available cores, then it would make sense that this would be the same thing as specifying the placeholder value. However, later in the description it implies a different default: i.e., "If the value is not specified, threads are created as needed ..."

Reviewer 2: When this option is omitted, Debezium uses a caching thread pool strategy, where threads are created based on demand and reused. If a thread remains unused in the cache for more than 60 seconds, it is terminated and removed.

When the option is provided, we use a fixed thread pool based on the interpreted value. The interpreted value is then either the number of cores you've specified in the option or the placeholder, where we will resolve the number of cores to be used based on the number of cores available to the JVM runtime, which allows Debezium to react across restarts in an elastic way if you increase or reduce the number of cores to the environment.

Reviewer: Ok, do I understand that you must literally specify the placeholder value? I had been thinking that when we talked about the placeholder that it was functionally equivalent to the default value.

|The number of threads to use for processing CDC records.
If you want to use all available cores on given machine, you can use the `AVAILABLE_CORES` placeholder.

> If the value is not specified, threads are created as needed, using Java https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/17/docs/api/java.base/java/util/concurrent/Executors.html#newCachedThreadPool()[cached thread pool].

Reviewer: See earlier comment regarding the default value.

> |`record.processing.shutdown.timeout.ms`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[[debezium-server-property-shutdown-timeout-ms]]<<debezium-server-property-shutdown-timeout-ms, `+record.processing.shutdown.timeout.ms+`>>
```

|1000

> |Maximum time in milliseconds to wait for processing submitted records after a task shutdown is called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Maximum time, in milliseconds, that the engine waits to process pending records after a task shutdown is called.
```
Does this represent the interval before the engine waits before it begins to process pending records, or is it the interval the determines the amount of time allocated to complete processing after a shutdown is called?

Reviewer 2: It's the latter @roldanbob

> |`record.processing.order`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[[debezium-server-property-record-processing-order]]<<debezium-server-property-record-processing-order, `+record.processing.order+`>>
```

|`ORDERED`

> |Determines how the records should be produced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Specifies whether the engine processes records sequentially.
Set one of the following options:
```

`ORDERED`:: Records are processed sequentially; that is, they are produced in the order in which they were obtained from the database.
`UNORDERED`:: Records are processed non-sequentially; that is, they can be produced in an different order than in the source database.

The non-sequential processing of the `UNORDERED` option results in better throughput, because records are produced immediately after any SMT processing and message serialization is complete, without waiting for other records.

> This option doesn't have any effect when the `ChangeConsumer` method is provided to the engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option has no effect if xref:debezium-server-property-record-processing-with-serial-consumer[record.processing.with.serial.consumer] is set to `ChangeConsumer`.
```

> |`record.processing.with.serial.consumer`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[[debezium-server-property-record-processing-with-serial-consumer]]<<debezium-server-property-record-processing-with-serial-consumer, `+record.processing.with.serial.consumer+`>>
```

|`false`
|Specifies whether the default `ChangeConsumer` should be created from the provided `Consumer`, resulting in serial `Consumer` processing.
This option has no effect if you specified the `ChangeConsumer` interface when you used the API to create the engine.

> |`task.management.timeout.ms`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[[debezium-server-property-task-management-timeout.ms]]<<debezium-server-property-task-management-timeout.ms, `+task.management.timeout.ms+`>>
```

|===

[id="debezium-async-engine-properties"]
=== Asynchronous Engine Properties

By default, {prodname} server uses the asynchronous embedded engine (`AsyncEmbeddedEngine`) as its processing engine.
You can configure the following options for the asynchronous embedded engine:

[cols="35%a,10%a,55%a"]
|===
|Property
|Default
|Description

|[[debezium-server-property-record-processing-threads]]<<debezium-server-property-record-processing-threads, `+record.processing.threads+`>>
|
|The number of threads that are available to process change event records.

> If the value is not specified (the default), threads are created and eventually removed as needed, using Java https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/17/docs/api/java.base/java/util/concurrent/Executors.html#newCachedThreadPool()[cached thread pool].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no value is specified (the default), the engine uses the Java https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/17/docs/api/java.base/java/util/concurrent/Executors.html#newCachedThreadPool()[cached thread pool] method to dynamically adjust the number of threads, based on the current workload.
```

> If the value is specified, Java https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/17/docs/api/java.base/java/util/concurrent/Executors.html#newFixedThreadPool(int)[fixed thread pool] with speficied number of threads is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a value is specified, the engine uses the Java https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/17/docs/api/java.base/java/util/concurrent/Executors.html#newFixedThreadPool(int)[fixed thread pool] method to create a thread pool with the specified number of threads.
```

> To use all available cores on given machine, you can use the `AVAILABLE_CORES` placeholder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use all available cores on given machine, set the placeholder value, `AVAILABLE_CORES`.
```
